http://www.reddit.com/r/origami/top.rss?t=day ~origami reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/top.rss?t=day ~nottheonion reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/UCSD/top.rss?t=day ~UCSD reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/penspinning/top.rss?t=day ~penspinning reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/LinuxCirclejerk/top.rss?t=day ~LinuxCirclejerk reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/EarthPorn/top.rss?t=day ~EarthPorn reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/Gamingcirclejerk/top.rss?t=day ~Gamingcirclejerk reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/vegancirclejerk/top.rss?t=day ~vegancirclejerk reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/ClimbingCircleJerk/top.rss?t=day ~ClimbingCircleJerk reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/theocho/top.rss?t=day ~theocho reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/moviescirclejerk/top.rss?t=day ~moviescirclejerk reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/top.rss?t=day ~mildlyinteresting reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/oddlysatisfying/top.rss?t=day ~oddlysatisfying reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/holdmyredbull/top.rss?t=day ~holdmyredbull reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/feedthememes/top.rss?t=day ~feedthememes reddit
https://forum.violetmoon.org/rss/t/botania ~botania minecraft
https://forum.violetmoon.org/rss/t/quark ~quark minecraft
https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/feeds/community-content/rss ~minecraft minecraft

https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzb-6smlTg5UPirLdsdQ_cQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXKDpoG_Bqtf_uLNNBaZE7Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvwFAruyd5WGqi9qUoB91_g youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHsRtomD4twRf5WVHHk-cMw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_gSotrFVZ_PiAxo3fTQVuQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFFeNyzCEQDS4KCecugmotg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPK5G4jeoVEbUp5crKJl6CQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHiwtz2tCEfS17N9A-WoSSw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGJs45Q1VsRt3CEF0z46vmA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFKDEp9si4RmHFWJW1vYsMA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClu2e7S8atp6tG2galK9hgg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4YUKOBld2PoOLzk0YZ80lw youtube
